<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

# startMatch

Start the match.

**Parameters**

-   `playerCount`  {number} - Number of players. The match settings determine the minimum and maximum number of players.

# selectFirstPlayer

Select player to take first move, similarly to each player rolling a die
to begin the game.

**Parameters**

-   `firstPlayerIndex`  {number} - Index of the first player.

# occupyTerritory

Select territory to occupy.

**Parameters**

-   `territoryIndex`  {number} - Index of territory to occupy. It must be unoccupied.

# placeAdditionalArmy

Select a territory you own to place an additional army.

**Parameters**

-   `territoryIndex`  {number} - Index of territory to place an additional army. You must occupy it.

# tradeCards

Select three cards to trade for armies.

**Parameters**

-   `i`  {number}  - Index of first card to trade. This card will receive a territory bonus.
-   `j`  {number}  - Index of card to trade
-   `k`  {number}  - Index of card to trade

# endTrade

End trading and begin the attacking phase of the turn.
You must continue trading when you hold five or six cards.

# placeNewArmies

Place some undeployed armies on an occupied territory to start the turn

**Parameters**

-   `territoryIndex`  {number}  - index of territory to place new armies
-   `armies`  {number}  - number of armies to place

# battle

Select a territory to attack, neighboring defending territory, and dice to roll

**Parameters**

-   `attackingTerritoryIndex`  {number}  - index of attacking territory
-   `defendingTerritoryIndex`  {number}  - index of defending territory
-   `attackingDiceCount`  {number} - number of dice to be rolled by attacker

# rollDice

Simulate attacker and defender rolling dice.

**Parameters**

-   `attackerDice`  {Array.number} - dice rolled by attacker
-   `defenderDice`  {Array.number} - dice rolled by defender

# endAttack

End attack and begin fortifying

# capture

Capture the defeated territory by moving armies into it

**Parameters**

-   `armies`  {number} - number of armies to move

# fortify

Move armies between two of your adjacent territories before ending your turn.

**Parameters**

-   `fromTerritoryIndex`  Index of territory to move armies from. Must be owned by you, have more than one army, and be adjacent to toTerritoryIndex.
-   `toTerritoryIndex`  Index of territory to move armies to. Must be owned by you and adjacent to fromTerritoryIndex.
-   `armies`  Number of armies to move. You must leave one army behind, so the number may between one and the number of the armies on fromTerritoryIndex.

# endTurn

End turn without fortifying.

# drawRandomCard

Select "random" card for player to draw from the deck.

**Parameters**

-   `cardIndex`  {number} - Index of the card to assign. Card owner must be currently undefined.
